I created the application for finding the Shortest Path between the given Nodes and I also calculated the Traffic for the Given Node of the Shortest Path.

Assumptions: I assumed some of the assumptions in the Application.

    1. The format of the uploaded file should be same as the available file in the word document (HR-Offsite AssignmentV3 0.docx) inside "Supporting Data" heading.
    2. An application should be deployed on a host as "localhost" and port as "8080" Because we provided the Host URL in the UI application as "http://localhost:8080/ShortestPathApplication/". If we want to change the server host and port then we need to perform changes in UI application for pointing to the latest server.
    3. The WAR file contains the APIs and UI code as a single unit. So that there is no need to deploy the API and UI application as separately.

Code Desing: 

    I created the application using the following the technologies.

        1. Java 1.8
        2. Spring Boot
        3. Maven
        4. MVC
        5. Darby In-Memory DB
        6. JPA
        7. Angular 5
    
    I created the Rest API with help of Spring Boot and also created the UI application with latest Angular v5. I also created the classes as per organizational layout.
    The flow diagram of the application you can find in the same directory with the name of the file "Application_Flow_Diagram.png"
    In the application, we created different packages for separate types of classes and interfaces like.
    
        1. Controller classes
        2. Service classes
        3. Reqests classes
        4. Response classes
        5. Entity classes
        6. Utility classes
        7. Repository classes
        8. Controller interfaces
        9. Service interfaces

    Taking care of following while developing the application

        1. Stateless application.
        2. OOPs
        3. Reusability
        4. Robustness
        5. Readability
        6. Commenting
        7. Formatting        
        
Suggestion: In the future, we can extend our application

    1. Currently, are uploading the excel file. But we can also support JSON body and other types of file like text, XML etc.
    2. Currently in the application "source" node should be smaller than "destination" node. We can extend the functionality for any combination of source and destination.
    
Others: 
    
    Please refer below files for the references.

        1. "API_Setup_Guide.txt": For setting up the API collection into the Postman.
        2. "Application_deployment_Guide.txt": Guide to deploy the application on the server.
        3. "Application_Flow_Diagram.png": Flow diagram of the application.
        4. "Rest_API.postman_collection": Its a postman collection of the Rest API.
        5. "ShortestPathApplication.war": Deployable WAR file of the application.
    
    Please find the source code of the application on given URL:
    
        1. Java Application: https://github.com/manojparmar76/ShortestPathApplication_API
        2. Angular Application: https://github.com/manojparmar76/ShortestPathApplication_UI
    